(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
The departments being considered...
for reorganization are as follows.
Yes.
Okay. To start off,
Digital Marketing,
Promotion,
Finance two,
and Accounting two.
(YB Ads Candidates for Dissolution)
And finally, the department...
being considered for dissolution...
is the video department.
The factors considered are adequacy,
professionalism, integrity, performance.
Each element will be held equally important...
and judged accordingly.
We plan to decide...
by the end of the month.
If there's nothing else, let's end the meeting...
Yes, Mr. Nam?
For departments...
who survive the evaluation this month,
may the department head get full authority...
over personnel assignments?
Well...
If you can survive,
sure, we'll give you that.
Naturally.
Were you okay?
Do you want me to ask my uncle...
Focus on your own department.
- Sir. - Yes?
- I'll hold the elevator. - Wait.
Why would you give him such authority?
Sir?
I think he's a little crazy.
I've had enough. Hold this.
Why do you keep on talking casually to me?
Well?
Mr. Nam, HR just called.
They found Yoon Yi's replacement.
- So... - No, forget it.
Pardon?
I'll...
leave that seat empty until the owner returns.
I'll talk to HR myself.
Okay.
I don't want someone else to sit at your seat.
(This Seat Will Always Be Yours)
Mr. Nitpick,
rescue me from the villain.
I'll be waiting.
(You could be a cartoonist.)
You could be a cartoonist.
You have talent.
(Misery)
Misery?
What now? No.
Hey.
I'm going out for lunch.
Okay.
Also, my wife will start calling again.
Don't worry.
I told her there is nothing between us.
She won't misunderstand.
It would have been nice...
if you told her when the incident occurred.
Anyway, you can deal with her yourself.
It's your specialty.
What's wrong with... Turn around.
- Pardon? - Turn around.
Don't you have heels that are slimmer?
Well...
They make loud clacking sounds.
Who cares about the sound?
How you look is more important.
Change them right now.
Are you ignoring me again?
Is this what Chi Won taught you?
I'll change them.
Yes, Mi Sun. I'm coming.
- Yes. - That filthy player.
I wish he would get caught.
(Misery)
Hello, ma'am.
Have you been well?
(Director Hwangbo Yool)
Why hasn't she replied?
(When are you coming back?)
I only meant she should take a break.
(Are you sick?)
She's taking too long.
(Should I come to you?)
Mr. Hwangbo.
I'm not sure if you'll like it,
but try some.
I'll have this first.
It's good.
It's delicious.
He asked not to act on your own,
and that you just do what you're told.
How can anyone...
only do what they're told?
Can't someone live while doing...
what they like and what they want?
What?
If you cry this sadly,
it would hurt your mom even more.
Let's cry just until today.
Starting tomorrow, you can be strong again.
(Congratulations! Ms. Wang's 100th day!)
Her 100th day is coming soon.
I thought she would be the first assistant...
to last 100 days.
Mi Ae is absent without notice for way too long.
I guess she has enough to live on without a job.
I can't quit even when I want to...
because of the money.
She's not absent without notice.
Mr. Hwangbo told her to take a break.
He's only bullying her.
He was so mean to her just before.
I feel bad for her.
Mr. Hwangbo, when will we have the meeting?
(YB Ads Candidates for Dissolution)
- Sir. - Yes?
The program made by the video department...
is scheduled to air for next week.
- What? - They're focusing...
the story on issues in our department.
It looks like they are able to get interviews.
Are you serious?
How dare he try to attack me?
Hey.
Hello.
That's my cactus. Can you be more careful?
What is it?
I have a meeting to go to.
Nam Chi Won.
You stinky rats!
What?
Reshuffling?
Let's say you're lucky...
and you manage to avoid getting fired.
But the moment I become the vice president,
all of you are getting cut.
You're all done for by the end of the month!
You should worry about your own future...
before worrying about my team members.
Are you accusing me of unfair work distribution?
Hey, do you have evidence? Do you?
Interviews of people talking nonsense...
shouldn't be aired if you don't have evidence.
Go ahead.
I'll sue you for defamation!
If we're on that topic, I have a lot to say.
Well,
if you find a good lawyer, please recommend me.
Is that so?
Fine.
If that's what you want,
we can fight on top of the cliff.
One of us will fall at some point.
Cho Sang Moo.
- What? - Mr. Cho.
You better be on your toes.
Then.
- Let's go. - Go.
You scumbag!
We can't air with this.
The interview questions are too vague.
There isn't much picture to put together.
At this rate, we can't air at all.
The thing is,
I think they blocked my number.
I can't get through.
Is your phone the only way you get work done?
Don't you have feet?
I'm sorry.
What about the retirees from Ad Planning?
We're still confirming their addresses.
You haven't figured out where they are yet?
I'm sorry.
We only have a few days until the broadcast.
Wake up,
and speed it up.
- Okay. - Okay.
It's so chilly.
He was in a bad mood, and Cutter made it worse.
We're dead meat.
It feels like Mr. Nam is back to his old self.
Is it because Yoon Yi is not here?
Let's get moving.
Mr. Nam,
have some coffee.
Mr. Nam always drinks this coffee...
at 11am and 2pm.
Make sure you use boiling water.
I got a blister from sharpening the pencils.
He needs 10 pencils per day.
Make sure the lead is longer than 0.5cm.
You must make the end very sharp.
Also, he hates it when I use the machine.
You have to sharpen it by hand every morning.
Mr. Nam, I'll tell you your schedule for today.
At 11:30am, Mr. Kim Young Seok...
will be coming here for your meeting.
At 2:30pm...
Also, please remind him of his schedule...
once in the morning and once in the afternoon.
Every now and then, he confuses his schedule.
- I'll show it to you. - Okay.
I still need you.
During the reshuffling,
please do your best to get rid of...
Nam Chi Won and the video department.
I'll see about that.
Pour me a glass.
Sure.
When I become the vice president,
I'll return the favor to you.
You're trying so hard.
What?
Hey. Gosh.
It's still flapping.
It's trying so hard.
About that vice president position...
Someone from the head office could come.
You should watch what you eat,
or you could get sick.
Has it been 25 years since you started work?
- No, 26. - I see.
If we're talking about that,
I started way before you did.
Let's see.
You got hired out of a technical high school.
You didn't go to college?
I'm sorry I didn't recognize you.
I respect people who advance without education.
Here, have a glass.
- It's okay to have it. - Okay.
I'll give you one too.
You have so much love for humanity.
I admire you.
- Gosh. - I can't understand...
how you can love several women at once.
It's really amazing.
You're amazing.
- What did you say? - That's right.
Come at me.
Do a background check on Bong Jang Woo.
There was that scandal with Jwa Yoon Yi.
I'm sure he has women problems.
While we're at it,
I need to be the one deciding who gets cut.
The number you're calling is turned off.
You will be connected to voicemail.
After you're connected...
Hello?
T-Rex.
(Wang Mi Ae)
Mom.
Mr. Hwangbo.
What a cozy place.
Since you live here,
this must be a palace.
I bought you ribs. Have it with your son.
Thank you.
By the way, when are you coming back?
I'm tired of waiting.
Sir, I won't be going back.
No, I can't.
Ms. Wang.
I don't deserve to be called like that.
Like you said, I was a fake.
This is my real identity. Jung Ae, the housewife.
I'm going to go back to being a mom.
What about me? Are you throwing me away?
What about our e-sports business?
You wanted to create a youth team.
You pitched the idea. You can't leave midway.
I won't allow it. I won't process your resignation.
I don't care.
Mr. Hwangbo.
If you won't come to work, I'll stay here.
I'll tell them to bring all the reports here.
Hello? Mr. Baek.
Please. What's wrong with you?
- It's me. I'm at... - I'll leave, then.
Ms. Wang! Wait!
I got it. I got it.
I'll leave. Happy?
You're pretty stubborn.
How about this?
Stay until your 100th day.
It's your 100th day soon.
Just until then. Please?
- But... - I never had anyone...
last for 100 days as my assistant.
Ms. Wang.
If you leave too,
I don't think I'll ever have anyone on my side.
Sir.
Have some coffee.
They can see from outside.
Who cares? It's just a dream anyway.
It isn't a dream.
How are you in here?
Mr. Bong left early today.
You look like you've gotten taller.
I'm wearing heels.
I haven't worn heels in a while,
so they're really uncomfortable.
I don't know...
how I used to run around in them before.
I'll have to make you put on the shoes...
I bought you and come back to me soon.
Wang Jung Ae?
The legal department will take action soon.
We wanted to bury...
your faking your identity,
but Yool keeps blowing things up.
He's an immature child. He can't protect you.
So you should choose wisely yourself.
Get out.
Don't you dare do this again.
She's my assistant. I make the decisions.
No,
you cannot do anything...
without the elders' permission.
Really?
Then I'll just do as I please from now on.
Go and tell them,
that I'll choose my own assistant,
and do whatever business I want!
You'll regret it.
I won't regret it,
so don't show your face again.
Okay, then. I'll relay exactly what you said.
Sir.
I don't think I can do it.
I can't return to work.
Ms. Wang.
Please trust me just once.
I'll protect you...
and make this project a success.
So...
trust me...
and come back.
Yoon Yi. Let's have dinner.
Do you think he'll go?
I think you should ask.
No, no.
- Yes. - No.
- You should go. - No, no.
You should go.
- No. - You go.
What is it?
Well... Sir...
I'm not eating dinner.
You can go.
No, that's not it.
You've been pulling...
all-nighters lately.
You've been under a lot of stress,
so how about some pork belly and soju?
Is this the time for pork belly and soju?
Exactly, I agree. So...
Yes, it is the time for pork belly and soju!
This is the time!
Right now! Let's go.
Don't you know the situation...
Arrest him!
What the...
- Right now. - Let's go.
- What are you doing? - Let's go!
- Let's go! - What are you doing?
You need to eat up. Eat. Eat.
You like liver. Here.
I feel all stuffed up inside already.
Just looking at that is making it worse.
You said you wanted to talk.
Go ahead.
Yoon Yi. You know,
I'm going to try very hard this time...
so you won't be ashamed of the five years we dated.
I'll bring you back to our department.
You know I always keep my word.
Stop staring. Eat. Eat.
I always felt bad that I only fed you...
instant noodles when we dated.
Order more. Tonkatsu? Order everything.
I like instant noodles.
Chang Soo.
Keep your promise...
to work hard.
Call me "Sweetie" again. You sound so distant.
You little piece of...
Open up.
With the sauce.
You're so picky.
Sir.
It's hard because Yoon Yi's gone, isn't it?
- Not particularly. - It's obvious.
You get annoyed with us and scowl again.
When did I do that?
First, drink up.
Drink.
That's good. Yes.
Here you go.
Doesn't it taste good, chewing it?
We came here often...
and badmouthed you a lot.
That helped relieve stress...
and form a sense of solidarity.
You know,
there needs to be a common enemy.
It makes the drinks taste better...
and improve your will to fight.
Sir.
We all have a reason to survive here.
That's why we'll fight with all we've got.
We know you don't like us, and that...
we're not good enough for you,
but don't struggle alone.
Work with us.
Now, take one more shot.
Wait a second.
Let me pour you all a shot.
That sounds good.
Mr. Park Chi Soo.
Yes.
Thank you.
Ms. Moon Soon Young.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Gong Yoo.
Hae Jin.
Yes.
And Myung Suk.
Okay. Let's toast to our department.
No more worries!
No more sighing!
No more getting annoyed!
No more!
- No more! - No more!
- No more - No more
No more
- No more nagging - Nagging
I want to wear these...
and go back soon.
Is he still working?
[VIU Ver] E15 Jugglers "This Seat Will Always Be Yours"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mr. Nam.
Raccoon.
How long were you out here?
I don't know.
When I woke up, I was here.
Instincts really are...
frightening.
Your hands are freezing. They're like ice.
You should come in and thaw out.
I should go soon.
If I stay any longer,
I may want to stay.
Is that bad?
Of course.
I need to focus and work,
and fight,
and win. I promised.
If I go in now,
I'll want to play with you instead.
Don't you see that?
Hold on.
What?
What is that?
Hold on.
My head...
I saw you grabbing it earlier.
I thought maybe it was all cut up.
If you keep doing this,
I won't want to let you go.
Give me a minute.
Let me stay this way for a minute.
So cold.
It's nice.
It's cold. Give me that one too.
How nice.
It's so warm.
You are warm,
Yoon Yi.
Gun Woo.
I may...
have to give you less allowance.
But don't get part-time jobs without telling me.
Why? Are you going to quit your job?
I don't know.
Don't worry about me.
Just do what you want to do.
What I want to do?
Yes.
Don't stay up too late.
I said what you asked.
Good job, T-Rex.
(You received a gift.)
Nice.
I did everything I could.
Please, come back, Ms. Wang.
Ms. Wang!
Good morning.
You're really back, right?
Yes.
I'll complete the 100 days.
100 days?
Sure. Okay.
Anyway...
Ta-da!
Work as Wang Jung Ae now instead of Wang Mi Ae.
I got it made for you.
Here.
(Wang Jung Ae)
So? Do you like it?
We need to know so that we can...
Mi Ae. What happened?
Everyone was worried.
Mi Ae!
Mr. Baek lost his hair, thinking you ran away!
From the stress.
Stop.
Please call her "Jung Ae" instead of Mi Ae.
What?
"Jung Ae"?
Her legal name is Wang Jung Ae.
We should call her by her real name.
Wang Jung Ae.
Jung Ae.
Okay, let's start the meeting.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
I'm going to interview the heads...
of the candidates for dissolution,
so tell Nam Chi Won to come up first.
Why aren't you answering me?
- Right now? - Yes. Is that a problem?
Call him.
Yes, sir.
Your performance is pretty subpar.
Our department isn't judged based on data.
But in an organization... Yes?
People are evaluated based on performance,
and that varies by position.
Thank you.
This tastes good.
My assistant...
knows what I like better than anyone.
Okay, then. I'll let you talk.
Ms. Jwa.
You know the underwear you bought yesterday?
Exchange it for another color.
You're covering for me when my wife calls, right?
You're an expert at lying.
You didn't know? Let me explain.
Ms. Jwa is a total pro at handling...
these personal matters.
I've used several personal assistants,
and no one compares to Ms. Jwa.
I punched you once, remember?
In the elevator at the head office.
You became a total cowardly loser then.
Do you remember?
"There are times..."
"when a man must not avoid a fight."
What's with you?
"That is..."
"when an associate's dream is mocked."
Mommy. Daddy.
This was the preliminary round.
I won't miss during the main round.
I told you then,
that was the preliminary round.
Bring me more.
Yes, sir.
I knew you'd follow me.
You were disappointed in me...
for doing things like that, weren't you?
It's all in the past anyway.
The future is what matters.
What if...
I have to do things like that again?
What then?
If someone is hurt...
by what you do,
I don't think you should do it.
However,
I trust you will make the right decision.
That scared me.
(Misery)
"Misery"?
Sir.
I want to make things right.
Will you help me?
Anything.
Hello, ma'am.
It's been a while.
It has. You look the same.
Sit down.
You know,
you got prettier. Are you seeing someone?
Yes.
So, why did you want to see me?
Well...
I wanted to apologize.
I lied to you about Mr. Bong...
Stop. I know.
I hear...
Jang Woo's nickname is "Rainbow Boss"?
Monday through Sunday.
He sees a different woman each day of the week.
You were Dasan Customer Service, right?
This assistant was Borough Hall.
She was the Community Center.
She was his cell phone customer service.
She was the customer satisfaction office.
She was lost and found.
Those were his contact names...
for the assistants after you as.
They all quit.
They probably left after covering...
for all the women that jerk was seeing.
Ma'am.
It hurts my pride!
I want...
to take him for everything he has...
and leave him penniless!
I want to get revenge.
Well...
If you want to do that, you need solid proof.
Do you have it?
What?
That sounds like you're saying you'll help me.
If someone is being hurt,
I should stop it.
How?
May I...
borrow these phones?
Thank you.
His wife knew everything already.
She did?
Then you just need to meet those assistants.
Yes. I guess so.
Okay.
Darn it. It's worn out already.
Thank you.
(Shoe Repair)
My heel broke, so...
Okay. Bye.
Okay.
Dad.
Did you eat already?
Yes.
The lady who just left brought me lunch.
Why?
She comes every so often...
and eats with me,
and has coffee with me.
Raccoon is leaving the office.
Is Mr. Nitpick working late again?
(Is Mr. Nitpick working late again?)
Yoon Yi.
Bo Na.
You said before, remember?
That you pretended not to know...
I was seeing Mr. Nam because you knew...
it would make me uncomfortable.
Yes.
The same for me.
You didn't seem to want to tell me,
so I pretended not to know...
about your father.
Father! I'm back!
You came again? You must be busy.
After giving you this,
I'll go.
Eat with me.
No, no.
I ate already.
I'm full.
Thanks.
Enjoy.
Bo Na.
To be honest,
I hated you a lot.
No matter how hard I tried,
I could never catch up to you.
You were so good at everything.
But your father said...
ever since you were little,
you rarely slept more than four hours a day.
Ever since I found out...
that you gave everything you had,
I...
couldn't hate you anymore.
Just...
hate me.
You have the right to.
Pretty daughter.
That's the first thing...
your father taught me in sign language.
If you can't come back to being my friend,
please return to being the great assistant,
Ma...
Bo...
Na...
from before...
again.
Did you get home safely?
I met a friend by the office.
I'm waiting for the bus now.
Stop being so pathetic by yourself.
Yoon Yi told me you were here.
It's been a while since we came here.
We used to come all the time before.
How many drinks did we buy Yoon Yi...
every time she was scolded by her seniors?
If we had saved that money...
I'll treat today.
Weren't you working late?
I wanted some fresh air. I felt trapped.
You've been popping up and surprising me often.
You were so cold toward me...
when we worked and lived together.
You're being good to me now that we're apart.
Wait a second.
Are you saying you prefer being apart?
You need to pay rent even if you're not there.
Did you send me money for the water bill?
I don't remember seeing it.
I did. Check.
I checked just earlier. It wasn't there.
I did pay. We split down the middle.
Yes, half-half.
- Did you check? - Yes.
(Lost and Found)
Hello, my name is Jwa Yoon Yi.
Yes. Well...
You were Bong Jang Woo's personal assistant, right?
"Buy underwear." "Book a room at a hotel."
He made me do all sorts of stuff.
And he said to submit receipt for reimbursement.
By chance,
do you have anything that may be evidence?
He's famous for framing his assistants,
so I took pictures and recorded conversations.
Mr. Nam!
Mr. Hwangbo!
Hi.
Welcome to my home!
What the... Are you wearing matching outfits?
He said this was a rule a freeloader must keep.
I said I didn't want to wear it.
It looks good on you.
This is plenty.
I'll put it together and send it to a reporter.
Okay. I'll trust you with it,
since you were a reporter.
Remember me
Think of me
I'll wait for you
Sir. The front desk called.
You have a guest.
A guest? Who?
He said it's a young woman...
who looks a little like a model.
Like a model?
Yes.
It must be Mi Sun. No.
It's Yun Hee. Yun Hee.
She shouldn't show up without calling first.
She keeps me on my toes...
all the time, day and night.
I'll be back.
Where is she?
There he is!
You made your assistants cover up your affairs?
You wrote off your hotel as a business expense?
You framed your assistant and got promoted alone?
- Please tell us. - I did not.
- Is it true? - What?
What are you saying? I never did that!
- Tell us. - Admit it.
- We have proof. - What proof? I never!
Please tell us.
How dare you...
I said I'd protect my associate's dream.
Gosh. That's a lot.
There's no big news to cover now,
so your story will be front page for a week.
Congratulations.
Chi Won, you punk.
Just wait.
Bong Jang Woo.
Did you have fun until now?
Heng Ja.
Don't kill me.
Yes, I'm your wife, Park Heng Ja.
I won't kill you.
But you'll end up begging me to kill you.
- No! - Let's go, Jang Woo.
- No. - Come with me!
- You're dead! - No!
- No! - Stop!
Heng Ja...
- Let's go! Come here! - Heng Ja.
Oh, dear.
He was so arrogant.
He's dead today.
Mission clear.
No.
The real mission begins now.
Yes.
- Get up, sir. - Wake up.
Sir.
- Watch it! - Careful.
- Bring me Raccoon. - Raccoon?
What raccoon?
- Raccoon. - No!
- She's a frog. - A frog.
- A frog? - Who made him drink?
It wasn't me!
He's still so cool.
- You keep quiet. - Raccoon.
- Bring me my raccoon. - Send him to the raccoon.
- Address. - You don't know it?
- Hi, Raccoon. - I'm not your raccoon!
- Don't touch me! - Hey, hey.
- Send him away! - Carry him.
- Send him away. - Pick him up.
Here. Sir.
- Hurry. - Thank you.
- Thank you! - Sir.
- Okay. - Hey.
I'm...
- not drunk. - Sure.
- He is drunk. He is. - Wait!
- Sir! - That's a wall.
- His head. - Hey.
- Careful. - Okay.
- Get the key. - Protect the dreams!
Open it!
- I can do it. - Hurry it up!
I can.
No! Legs in! Pull your legs in!
Why are your legs...
- Shoot. - Are you okay?
He's tall and heavy.
Who's doing that?
- Don't kiss me! - Careful.
So heavy.
He'll be fine, right?
- He will. - Let's go.
Shouldn't you have carried him?
You know I'm weak.
Raccoon...